0 if the trade-off you get into is , &quot; let &apos;s make energy super expensive , &quot; then the rich can afford that .
0 if the waste you get is a very high energy cycle , only the rich can keep up .
1 and i &apos;d say , &quot; yes , ma &apos;am , i do . &quot;
1 and i said , &quot; yeah , very much . &quot;
2 thank you .
2 thank you .
3 and if the car and the driver were good enough , then you &apos;d win the race .
3 and if the car and the driver were good enough , they won the race .
4 they don &apos;t have lead maps , but used so-called songlines , or dreampaths
4 they don &apos;t have lead maps , they used songlines like this , or they used trauma flags .
5 hi . i &apos;m kevin allocca , i &apos;m the trends manager at youtube , and i professionally watch youtube videos .
5 hi . i &apos;m kevin allocca , trends-managers at youtube , and i look at youtube videos .
6 we &apos;re constantly creating tensions and conflicts .
6 we &apos;re always creating new tensions and conflicts .
7 and also , tan &apos;s mother is here today in the fourth or fifth row .
7 and also , tans &apos;s mother today is in the fourth or the fifth row .
8 i gave her medications that we call diuretics , water pills , to get her to pee out the access fluid .
8 i gave her medicine that we call diuretics , water pills , so that they leave the liquid .
9 the rotor is that moving part within the centrifuge , that black object that you see .
9 the rotor is this moving part within the centrifuge , this black object that you see .
10 so it &apos;s a very , very exciting process , how the sequence of certain things is and the span of milliseconds in which these things happen .
10 so a very , very exciting process of how certain things happen and what happens for millisecond areas of these things .
11 and so i found a company called olson zaltman in pittsburg .
11 and so i found a company called olson zaltman in pittsburg .
12 i mean , let &apos;s ask ourselves : why are we fighting it ?
12 i mean , let &apos;s ask ourselves , why do we fight that ?
13 there had to be another piece of the jigsaw .
13 there had to be another piece of puzzle .
14 one billion -- that &apos;s more than ever before -- because of gross inequalities in distribution , not tonnage .
14 a billion -- that &apos;s more than ever before -- because of crisis inequalities in distribution , not in total production .
15 ... paying attention to crowd-sourcing .
15 it &apos;s very crowdsourcing .
16 but one point it makes is that whenever you &apos;re choosing one thing , you &apos;re choosing not to do other things .
16 but a very important point that he makes is always who you choose to do for one thing , you don &apos;t choose to do other things .
17 and neither of these stories is very inspiring or great -- but one of them is this distinct ...
17 and none of these stories are very building or great -- but one of them is this clear ...
18 my third little story is that i was an accomplice in the introduction of trawling in southeast asia .
18 my third little story tells me about my compassion in introducing the trawl net fishery in southeast asia .
19 i thought &quot; turn the camera off &quot; meant , &quot; let &apos;s have an off-the-record conversation . &quot;
19 i thought , &quot; make the camera mean we wanted to have a backyard conversation . &quot;
20 feed grain to herbivores , pesticides to monocultures , chemicals to soil , chicken to fish , and all along agribusiness has simply asked , &quot; if we &apos;re feeding more people more cheaply , how terrible could that be ? &quot;
20 feeding grain of herbivores , pests of monocultures , chemicals to the earth , chicken to fish , and all the time the agribusiness has just asked , &quot; if we feed more people cheaper , how terrible can that be ? &quot;
21 you &apos;ll remember the rule of three from school .
21 because now you can apply a three-sentence .
22 do you know what they call a 400 baseball hitter ?
22 do you know what &apos;s called a 4,00ter ?
23 and you know what ? you &apos;re wrong .
23 and you know what ? they &apos;re wrong .
24 and some of it worked , and some of it didn &apos;t .
24 and some of it worked and some of it didn &apos;t work .
25 when the golden cat corporation got rid of their 10 worst-selling cat litter products , they saw an increase in profits by 87 percent -- a function of both increase in sales and lowering of costs .
25 when the golden cat corporation sold its 10 worst cat streams , they experienced that the profits went up by 87 percent -- a result of both the sales and the reduction of cost .
26 and when they are compromised , then real bad things can happen .
26 and when they &apos;re at risk , really bad things can happen .
27 the nice thing about this topic is that on this island , you can basically anticipate all the problems we will have if we want to increase our share of renewable energies .
27 the beauty of this island is that basically , on this island today , you can do everything you can do to solve problems we &apos;re going to get if we want to increase our percentage of renewables .
28 doesn &apos;t happen very much .
28 doesn &apos;t happen very often .
29 say what you feel .
29 tell me what you feel .
30 a particularly nice story , in my opinion .
30 a particularly beautiful story , i mean .
31 or if we go into the mountains of tibet , where i &apos;m doing a lot of research recently , you &apos;ll see it &apos;s a crude face of political domination .
31 or when we go to the mountains of tibet , where i study a lot recently , you &apos;ll see the ugly face of political dominance .
32 make it impossible to say how the image actually was composed .
32 make it impossible to say how the photograph was actually put together .
33 its job is to recreate the conditions that were present less than a billionth of a second after the universe began , up to 600 million times a second .
33 his job is to create the conditions that existed less than a billionth of a second after the universe -- and that &apos;s up to 600 million times within a second .
34 that &apos;s the period of time it takes to form most perceptions we have .
34 this is the time of most perceptions we have .
35 with its complete transparency , which is the new kind of thinking that clashes with the old kind of thinking : don &apos;t say that there &apos;s now horse meat in the lasagne and not beef or other phenomena , because i want to cover that up and not confess to it .
35 with total transparency , what the new thinking is , what bangs on old thinking , don &apos;t say that in the lasagne horse meat and no beef is anymore or other phenomena , which is that i want to just tumble it up , and i want to do it exploration .
36 and if i can , i &apos;ll find some of the sort of weird ones .
36 and if possible , i &apos;ll find some of the strange ones .
37 they learned to record the information that was the recipe of the cell onto a particular kind of chemical called dna .
37 they learned to store the recipe of the cell as information , and that is in a certain chemical form that we call dna .
38 you &apos;re doing something that &apos;s actually a little bit different .
38 you do something that &apos;s actually a little different .
39 but this image is actually entirely composed of photographs from different locations .
39 but this picture is actually completely composed of pictures of different places .
40 and yet , we seem to be very comfortable .
40 yet we seem to be quite happy with that .
41 and i went sailing on it , and we did surveys throughout the southern south china sea and especially the java sea .
41 i went to mit , and we made inhibitors all over the southern china sea and especially in the javasee .
42 i like a lot of black colors , a lot of grays and stuff like that .
42 i like a lot of black colors , a lot of gray notes and a lot of stuff .
43 the only thing that was known is it &apos;s very , very complex on the windows part , the dropper part , used multiple zero-day vulnerabilities .
43 the only thing we knew is very , very complicated in terms of the windows part , the dropper-per-part , he made use of countless ceround use .
44 so , as a designer , i design behaviour much more much more often than appearance .
44 so i , as a creator , am much more likely to make behavior than that .
45 and this is a bit hard to justify i think .
45 and that &apos;s a little bit hard to justify , i think .
46 score them again .
46 rating them again .
47 and the idea &apos;s pretty simple : teams of four have to build the tallest free-standing structure out of 20 sticks of spaghetti , one yard of tape , one yard of string and a marshmallow .
47 the idea is pretty simple . four teams have to build the largest possible free structure with 20 spaghetti , about a meter tape , about a meter of thread and a marshmallow .
48 and how does it look in there ?
48 and what &apos;s it like to be in there ?
49 and not only that , we &apos;ve used our imagination to thoroughly trash this globe .
49 and not only that , we &apos;ve used our imagination to devastate this world .
50 so how specifically will we see ban in the film ?
50 so how accurate are we going to see ban in the movie ?
51 you need to imagine that in the following way , if you do something with classical software and take five hours to do it , then you &apos;d only need one hour to do the same thing with this new type of natural software .
51 you have to imagine , if you do something of the classical softer , you take five hours and with this new kind of natural software , you just take an hour .
52 i &apos;m a lance armstrong fan , so i &apos;ll go ahead and i &apos;ll click on that , which reveals , for me , all the issues in which lance armstrong &apos;s been a part of .
52 i &apos;m a lance armstrong , so i click on this , and i show all the spending that lance armstrong is mentioned .
53 we leap into the arms of big placebo .
53 we &apos;re going into the arms of placebo industries .
54 what i want to show you is not so much the details of the slide , but the general form of it .
54 i &apos;m not talking about the details of the slide , but rather the general shape .
55 and then , overall effects like tempo and volume that apply to the entire sequence .
55 and then even more rearranged effects like pace and volume that you apply to the whole sequence .
56 so if anyone would like a hundred million copies of my business card , i have plenty for everyone in the room , and , in fact , everyone in the world , and it &apos;s right here .
56 so if somebody wants a hundred million copies of my business card , i have enough for anyone in this room and even for everybody in the world , and it &apos;s right here .
57 or , are we destined to become something different -- something , perhaps , even better adapted to the environment ?
57 or are we sure to be different -- something that &apos;s perhaps even better adapted to the environment ?
58 you could also use conventional worm technology for spreading .
58 you could also use ordinary worm technology to spread .
59 today , more than ever , a little honesty is going to go a long way .
59 today , more than ever before , a little bit of honesty brings us very far .
60 very different notion .
60 very different term .
61 i will leave the final word to an english scientist , humphrey davy , who , i suspect , when defending his protege &apos;s useless experiments -- his protege was michael faraday -- said this , &quot; nothing is so dangerous to the progress of the human mind than to assume that our views of science are ultimate , that there are no mysteries in nature , that our triumphs are complete , and that there are no new worlds to conquer . &quot;
61 i &apos;m going to leave my final words to an english scientist . humphrey davy , who , as i suspect , defended the useless experiments of his teaching , his apprentice was michael faraday , who said , &quot; nothing is so dangerous for developing the human mind to assume that our scientific ideas are valid , that there &apos;s no mysteries in nature that our triumpts are complete , and that there &apos;s no new worlds to conquer . &quot;
62 and it was the most surreal kind of deja vu experience i &apos;ve ever had , because i would know before i turned a corner what was going to be there before the lights of the vehicle actually revealed it , because i had walked the set for months when we were making the movie .
62 this was the most surreal form of a déjlike vu i &apos;ve ever experienced , because before i bow around a corner , i &apos;ve always known what would appear right around the light cone of the vehicle , because i walked over the movie for months when we made the film .
63 that means people related to each other because they spoke the same language , they were able to communicate with each other , move into the same cave or another place together , build cities and villages and basically created this tribal society .
63 that means you found yourself by talking to a common language , you could communicate with each other , you pulled into the same cave , you created cities or villages , and you created tribal society , in a way .
64 so if we &apos;re able to do something with cities , that &apos;s a big deal .
64 so if we do something with the cities , that &apos;s a big deal .
65 come on .
65 come on .
66 because he led you down a path he &apos;s not on himself .
66 because he led them to a fee where he doesn &apos;t stop himself from happening .
67 it does not have a tangible , material nature .
67 the soul is something like this , says something like leibniz .
68 secondly , if he &apos;s right , then he doesn &apos;t have a soul .
68 so when kler says there &apos;s no soul .
69 that &apos;s not being politically active , that &apos;s being bureaucratically active .
69 this is not political , this is bureaucratic .
70 it &apos;s exciting , because things happen that we didn &apos;t practice and we aren &apos;t able to practice .
70 it &apos;s exciting because then things that we didn &apos;t try and do and which you can &apos;t sample either .
71 how well do you think you &apos;re doing at managing those choices ?
71 how good do you think you &apos;re at dealing with the decisions ?
72 it &apos;s kind of like a potato .
72 it &apos;s about a potato .
73 and then they start piling up stones so your view is blocked .
73 and then he doors stones up so he locks them up .
74 this is a cheap pair of sunglasses that we bought at the venice beach boardwalk , some copper wire and some stuff from home depot and radio shack .
74 these are a cheap sunglasses that we bought on the venice beach , some copper wire and some of the things we built out of the building market and the electronics trade .
75 good , really good , maybe an all-star .
75 well , really good , maybe a star star .
76 and i should mention that i have pancreatic cancer , and i &apos;d like you to please be quick about this . &quot;
76 and i should mention that i have pancreatic cancer , and that i want you to hurry . &quot;
77 and that was the message that i absorbed when i was in med school .
77 and that &apos;s the message i took in medical school .
78 somehow this isn &apos;t working .
78 somehow , it doesn &apos;t work .
79 this year we celebrate the 200th birthday of charles darwin , and it was 150 years ago , when writing about evolution , that darwin illustrated , i think , a truth about the human character .
79 that year we celebrate the 200 birthday of charles darwin , and when he wrote about evolution 150 years ago , darwin , in my eyes , has pointed out something very true about human character .
80 and it lets us produce things of much more complexity than normal engineering lets us produce .
80 it allows us to produce things with much higher complexity than the normal methods would allow us to produce .
81 and i know there &apos;s some of you who say , &quot; well , wouldn &apos;t it be better , wouldn &apos;t the world be a better place if we all just spoke one language ? &quot; and i say , &quot; great , let &apos;s make that language yoruba . let &apos;s make it cantonese .
81 and i know some of you say , &quot; isn &apos;t it better ? &quot; wouldn &apos;t the world be a better place if we all talked just one language ? &quot; and i say , &quot; well , let &apos;s be yoruba . let &apos;s be cantonian .
82 and if you think that that is weird , you should know that there is a three-hour version of this that &apos;s been viewed four million times .
82 and if you think that &apos;s crazy , you should know that there &apos;s a three-hour version of this that &apos;s been looked at four million times .
83 the more options there are , the easier it is to regret anything at all that is disappointing about the option that you chose .
83 the more ways that there are , the easier it is not to regret at all , that is disappointing to the election you make .
84 they created a 27,000-acre fish farm -- bass , mullet , shrimp , eel -- and in the process , miguel and this company completely reversed the ecological destruction .
84 they created a 11,000 hectares of fish -- bark , marine , shrimp , aal -- and miguel and his company have completely reversed the ecological destruction .
85 it &apos;s horrible .
85 it &apos;s terrible .
86 and as a matter of fact , this fake input data is actually prerecorded by stuxnet .
86 and in fact , this false data from stuxnet is already taken before .
87 the new chromosome went into the cell .
87 the new chromosome went into the cell .
88 switch out the knob for a pulse module , which is here , and now you &apos;ve made a little blinker .
88 take out the switch to put out a pulsmodule , which is here , and they made a little blind .
89 you see the image of the place called circo massimo , where , since roman times , people go to celebrate , to have a big party , and you see the peak at the end of the day .
89 you can see the picture of the space about co massimo , where , since the roman time , people go to celebration -- to have a big party , and you see the impact at the end of the day .
90 the next phenomenon that is also very interesting is sight .
90 the next phenomenon , which is also very interesting , is vision .
91 i want you to imagine two couples in the middle of 1979 on the exact same day , at the exact same moment , each conceiving a baby -- okay ?
91 i want you to imagine two couples , in the mid-1979 , on exactly the same day , at the same moment , each one &apos;s got a baby -- okay .
92 it was called the automatic binding brick .
92 it was called the automatically connected rock .
93 now i didn &apos;t know very much about government when i started this program .
93 i didn &apos;t know very much about government when i started this program .
94 they talk about it , they figure out what it &apos;s going to look like , they jockey for power .
94 they talk about what it &apos;s going to look like , they run around .
95 i &apos;m not a doctor or a researcher , so this , to me , was an astonishing thing .
95 i &apos;m not a doctor or a researcher , and so that was an amazing thing for me .
96 that was more for emphasis .
96 this was more to emphasize .
97 now , i thought , &quot; how could i really capture this ?
97 well , i wondered , how can i really get this over ?
98 the united states is one of the two largest emitters , along with china .
98 the united states is one of the two largest pollution , along with china .
99 we &apos;re taking off .
99 we &apos;re going to pick up .
